>> Steve Kinney: So the first piece
of that is these cursor rules.
Cursor rules are just
persistent instructions.
That way I do not have to type stuff
like I need it to be accessible.
I need it to be responsive design.
Now, that one I got on its own like that.
We use BUN instead of NPM for
installing things.
Don't install js DOM.
I already have Happy DOM installed.
Ask me how I'm coming up with these so
quickly, cuz I've written them, right?
And a lot of times it is
a living document, which is.
It does thing you hate.
You update rules.
Hopefully it does not do thing you hate.
If it does, you either a use stronger
language or get more specific.
Like there's some, you know, some thinking
on your part that has to happen, right?
But the rules are persistent
instructions that you define.
And ideally, and there's some nuance
to how this works, like not even.
Like maybe sometimes it reads it.
Like you can tweak which ones get read,
when and why.
And that's important because those rules
count towards your context window, right?
And so let's say you have
a whole bunch of rules for
how you want a REACT
component to get written.
Those are good rules.
I love that for you.
You probably don't need to take them up in
the context window if you're making an API
endpoint, right?
And so you can kind of be a little.
It's not like you want all your rules
followed all the time or included all
the time, because sometimes you don't
want rules that don't matter included.
I don't need any mention of BUN
mentioned when we're writing css,
so on and so forth.
There's kinda two types of rules.
One I use and
one that maybe I should use, but I don't.
Project level rules.
These are like in your project file,
in the case of cursor,
they're in .cursor/rules.
They are MDC files.
I assume the C is cursor.
They're like markdown files with some YAML
front matter that cursor cares about.
You can commit them into Git and
share them with your team.
Again, you can say what frameworks or.
Rylan and I have one project
that he's working on right now,
which is he actually has a system where
it's like every task or whatever,
any big thing actually
goes into a CSV file and
he has to approve it by flipping
the little boolean from false to true.
And then it has to work down that list and
he curates the list so
it's like if you get something that
looks bigger than a tiny little change,
it goes onto the spreadsheet.
I will triage it and put it in the right
order and then you can go do the thing.
You can get from everything from
your coding style to how we roll and
what we're doing in this case.
So you can have in the project level,
you can also have user level rules.
I don't know that I at this point in my
life consistently feel like outside of
main repo, where I'd have to navigate
somewhere else to tweak them and
change them.
And applying to all of my projects,
obviously project level ones supersede
the user level ones one day.
I aspire to have a set of rules
that I'm so comfortable with.
I want them applied to all of my projects.
I'm not fully there yet.
Also, in the line of work that I do where,
like I said, I use BUN at work,
I'm not gonna make you all install bun.
So I use NPM here.
I can't live like that.
So they're usually project level for me.
But if you're making lots of tiny repos or
stuff like that, but they're also not
checked into version control at
that point, your mileage can vary.
I tend to use project level ones,
so on and so forth.
You have, like I said before,
you don't necessarily want
all of the rules applied all
the time because you are sending
those to an LLM where if you're
paying by the token, cool,
you just paid Claude Opus
at a very expensive price.
All your opinions on how
CSS should be written so
that it could write like a shell script.
You don't necessarily want to do that.
So auto attached takes a bunch
of file globs, so patterns for
files that it should apply to, which
is okay if you are reading a .css file.
I think you should know about our opinions
on how CSS gets written around here.
However, if you go then to read a Rust
file, that rule is not included.
Seems good.
That is probably your
best friend in this case.
But one thing that I will do, and
I'll mention it now just in case I don't
find a reason to bring it up later,
is I will then get really
fancy with my file extensions.
So I'm working on this agent
thing that has tools of its own.
Those tools I want certain rules for.
So all of my tools are called
whatever.tool.ts, right?
And so now whenever I touch one of those
files or you can have it applied to just
a directory if it's going into your design
system component directory you can say
like source slash components slash star,
star, you know, whatever, tsx, right?
So you can only pull in the react
rules on TSX files, but
the typescript rules on every TS or
TSX file.
You can get kind of like nuanced and
flexible with this next two we
don't trust for two reasons.
The two people who are likely to
fail in this case agent requested,
which is you kind of give it a sentence
about when you think this rule applies and
the LLM will decide if it agrees that
the rule applies and then it will read it.
Don't trust that one second person.
I don't trust me.
And the other was manually where I can
do an @ symbol and mention the rule and
if I mention the rule then it is applied.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm going to forget.
And then we get angry when it doesn't
listen to my rule because when I just
think about all my rules,
I tend to forget which mode I set it to.
So I don't trust anything but
the first two.
But the other two exist for a reason and
maybe you're a better person than I am and
my job is to tell you that they exist,
so on and so forth.
No surprises here because I put all of the
real cheat sheet in the very beginning.
What makes a good rule?
I don't know.
It's specific.
If you want to use the React functional
component type all the time, great.
Just saying use TypeScript not as good.
Add JS comments to all exported
functions is better than document code.
The clearer you are about what you want,
the better things are going to end up for
you.
If you are using React Redux or
RTK Toolkit or
React Query in this case,
or what have you,
that's a good file to put it in and
say auto attach to any TSX file.
If you have certain context
APIs that you want used,
this is a good place to just
outline all those things.
The better you can express your
architecture, the better the LLM is going
to understand your architecture versus
handle Async properly, so on and so forth.
Even better than the versions that I wrote
that last slide because it fit on the two
column slide and then even then I was
uncomfortable so I wrote the second slide.
And even these, you don't want to make
them too long because again you're like,
I'm going to be so
specific about everything that I want.
Cool.
Those are gonna get loaded in the context
window every time.
So you do need to find that balance.
A few good resources for
rules before we play around with some.
As is true in the modern era,
whenever there's a thing ever
there is an awesome list.
This one unsurprisingly
called awesome Cursor Rules.
You will see a .cursorrules mentioned.
In simpler times when we thought we get
away with a single file that had all
the rules and we didn't want to worry
about auto attached versus always versus
manual versus reference.
You had one file that had all your rules,
you will still see that mentioned.
Do not do that.
It's bad for all the reasons that I've
been saying over and over and over again,
don't do it.
But the site exists and
it has a bunch of them.
And again, if you're writing Vue, my react
rules are not going to be great for you.
Unsurprisingly, so on and so
forth definitely proves that.
And there is another site that's even more
extreme called Cursor Directory which also
has a bunch of MCP servers which
we'll talk about a little bit,
as well as rules where you can search and
type and go find some.